Update dotnet-trace.md for --dsrouter switch (#46087)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-trace.md

  You can read about the CLR provider more in detail on the [.NET runtime provider reference documentation](../../fundamentals/diagnostics/runtime-events.md).

- **`--dsrouter {ios|ios-sim|android|android-emu}**

>  Starts a `dotnet-dsrouter` and connects to it. Require `dotnet-dsrouter` to be installed. Run `dotnet-dsrouter -h` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Starts [dotnet-dsrouter](dotnet-dsrouter.md) and connects to it. Requires [dotnet-dsrouter](dotnet-dsrouter.md) to be installed. Run `dotnet-dsrouter -h` for more information.
```
